it's good night everyone makes our farm lainé every Thursday at 7 pm
hours of the night and let's go here quickly at the most 15 minutes is to put you already
can happen is happening the government time são paulo today is celebrated
in advance the day of our success and there is not in mine there was what I
I said that in the press the press is important no one doubts
social media are also important
I said hurry that in spite of some mishaps between us is we must
understand why the flame of democracy is not extinguished or rather the press
functioning even some mishaps it is important for the maintenance of the
flame of democracy is that old story that old
story it's better the press sometimes get what they feel is the right press
such logically on my part I do want to talk to the press
we say what is important for every side over there is that we have two
good images written in newspapers good audios good true videos above
everything we can together right you can see the brazil place in the place that interests you
this way the Brazilian company is sure that here it is
always at your disposal a hug to everyone happiness seems like it was
revoked the minister himself flies the one that was opened for
investigate people but I don’t know which news and also that
article in the magazine what is it about the present of supplement 5 truth seems
which is true congratulations alexandre another article that
stirred up a lot of press this week the creation of the diplomatic passport
I took a beating until I didn't want it anymore, it was there, it's from the universal church of
kingdom of god iurd edir macedo and wife really i renewed if it is autorisée day
at itamarati to renew his diplomatic passport marcelo accident and his
wife was then that is greater when speculated was initially granted
passport for him there in the squid government brings was renewed in the squid government of
new and after dilma there waiting for the deadline of the fashion authorizing the renewal in
will be maintained in what depends on me the renewal of that passport for him is
your wife and period, I understand, right?
in the hands itamaraty the exceptions and the session is is very
welcome in that case if you have an injunction asking to cancel the exit
logically, there will be an appeal by the interested party, for sure he will win
this action is political demagogy when making it clear who else
received the diplomatic passport in the midst of the gospel gospels the
deputy also received from the international crisis of grace of god
two people received you were here in the case two people usually when two
is pure is the husband and wife assembly of god also received two side started at
government dilutes the world church of the power of god too
received in the dilma government and on my part to renew it also having
the event in that sense and also catholic already received 3 is 3 passport
diplomatic also with reduced number is not a party is for those who really
need he travels all over the world because there are certain is certain the benefits
that help in this life sometimes walking around the world avoids queues and I can't
often facilitates the baggage check and some countries thought the visa
denied and then marcelo wife keep talking here
another matter quickly my son of the year is in hungary viktor orban plr and
dealing with various issues among them is how does a country that has an economy
closed from leaving for the open economy working his role with the
chairman of the foreign affairs and national defense commission continues
it is not new it is traveling the world he likes to do it there
I'm sure of good fruits we also harvested from this trip to hungary I
yes I intend to travel there to that region then you can do it is about
Poland for us and deepen the ties of
friendship as well as obviously getting the news in the press still drop 25
percent of murders in brazil in the first two months of this year but
as long as the two months of the year go well because of that I will not talk here
that what can pressure me i'm not a commentator notion journalist so the
numbers speak for themselves
I feel the ballad a week is reaching 2 million and the reach in just my
page that talk about indigenous leaders that they want to highlight that
92 right I worked against how
a human reserve has been demarcated as an area twice the size of the Rio de
January for approximately 9 thousand Indians
is a small internal space is you can call small twice the size of
January twice the size of the state of israel where you find it underground
there a whole periodic table in the very rich and is confined for question
managing this environmental issue are already looking for a country solution because the Indians
want to surrender to society the Indians want to let themselves be enslaved
by men and for some improvement of politician in awakening millions here in
brazil there are many doors direct contact with me what i can do by decree
I will do it not being possible to demand a bill for remote fields or
send a proposed amendment to the constitution which is almost a consensus
among us that that little story that the left always caught right, that the Indian
have to live as if you were a prehistoric being since your reservation does not stick
cheaper in that regard since 2010 92 when the government started this is without
doubt the demarcation of indigenous lands is worth remembering that at the end of
sarney the army leônidas pires gonçalves and politics is a land house
indigenous indi gol at that time by islands as well
logically who is out there looks into Brazil is to have a vision
ours you know which one is largely and another largely to change
that way we can see outside and inside
the first moment, obviously, I’m not marking a large amount of land
indigenous people the goal is a wave has been working for
some time by the school self-determination to return
those big areas new countries being the countries and are going to make relations
trade with countries that obviously the mineral issue is in first place
so we changed I think we got an inflection point for all of that not
we can cross some countries in the more developed than us that we want
destroy the amazon we want to make sure the amazon is ours and
believes that they have wealth there not only minerals with biodiversity they
exploited in a rational way for the well-being of our peoples and in
special for peoples days that was the intention of lazio so much
how big almost an hour but it has a very good repercussion and the leaders
Indians each put their position there like the parecis in the bush
who plant soybeans among other things that were fined by ibama in
R $ 120 million already knows that he is making this change the attention of
obama some time that we cannot change everyone is invited to tender and who
this philosophy matters if working is not going to be part of our government
now it is an is an organ and breast much more equipped by education itself
we are changing people new philosophy is the inspector it has to be the flight was not
doing the project is a person of such a pleasant tax until recently it is a
dread arrived with a fine a few my life is a muse this morning by
kan had to chat with the landowner this changed
reads reads in that doom this way started
very well intentioned then it became that party everybody knows you know
coopting brings artists famous people paper died account would not be the end crosses
and I will not speak the name is not big shots defending in the free dilma arrives at the chamber
is socialism is is what matters squid is this is what in return I received
even believes the limit is time
sixty million reais so the artist decided up to 60 million reais
or they could receive we spent and 24 1 million reais I think it is high
even more tiny 60 times a more tender bid amount but before
million reais could be benefited by the law
with all due respect it is not possible to do much in particular to put them
country land artists so who knows if a career is quite
promising in the future the secretary of the play and this is important because it is a
party a safe party defense the party which is the safe closed for three
or four months a year the fisherman and as he is not going to fish in the
time to reproduce he earned a minimum wage per month is
welcome to the proposal now we calculate that 65% or two pesos
be fraud fraud what do you want to do now like more than 2 billion reais
a year with this fight we must fight it there are people who
lives on the coast of brazil who knows that the sea water is healthy but receives the
closed insurance has a state i'm going to talk to that state avoid problems to
forward will say for sure if it would get proof where the government government
that state had a password so I did the wedding you know color for
phone and call people you know for about a year
logically another person lived and make the phone
this is the total game just ask don't ask for the piece
is what I am a thousand and ended up giving your data and started to
be benefited then possible to defend ask your wife has a wife
also has a son almost 18 times the amount we put on the other side was the
great-uncle neighbor is everybody and of course that little story right
look at the government here in such a state and don't forget about us on the occasion of
elections your vote is very important that someone
I could talk about taking it off, you stay when that person José campaigns in this
sense because it is your right to be part of that most humble person are taken
that way there is to associate sign up and earn this benefit detail
it's very clear now at the end of May and it will launch a re-registration
will be able to make those who voluntarily leave the system there without
no problem with an ally who has more to stay can receive a lawsuit for
I don't really want to do ideological falsehood, but
insist that diversion fraud we can't just make up for that
jet washout of the bypass millions has to be arrested punished and right now has who
commits crimes of this nature is little and trafficking, you know, call everybody
of the extensive nearly 2 billion a year are diverted
so let's help to combat diversion fraud in Brazil insurance
defending is on our radar are humble people who were co-opted
we know that we now call for safe defense to come out, whoever may not
is a fisherman there is something the leaf and the leaf uol and another world with
this our dear são paulo sheet says that our advertising gas was 60
using baró of the same period in government time la la humane lie one more
lie the spending of last year's period yes
for 75 million from the government having ours was 33 million reais
now because you want a certain amount in the famous 75 that debts, right, the invoice for
December we pay in January and February is none of our business is in
previous government so people make this disclosure
liar of those numbers the government that said that to contain expenses with
advertising is spending more and more still
sbt we already spend more than with the globe yet another measure we do not want
chase anyone in need of spending spending on ours with mine
personal will be spent that didn’t analyze if we can reach everyone
has its very important value is the national media
we go now we go to a technical criterion
right there will be more that home television getting 85% advertising the
another 15 percent is going to be business technician and everyone is going to get if
logically wants to provide service to the
government will receive such a base in birds in privileges to certain in
persecute anybody also the freedom of the press I didn't say I can't do it
something else talking to sergio louro and paulo
garcés we have many tenderers there
approved of all this will affect the federal police and we got a thousand
vacancies and was carried out in two large groups, right, 500 500 or 600 and 400 still
more or less then federal at most will have in its staff more
thousand province but exactly to continue helping
right in the fight against corruption, diversion fraud and
the table the party greatly reduced the government effort is a go-ahead
so that these thousand tenderers then reverse used what she
think of her an important block here land invasion my mst friends is on
first first year last year there were 43 concrete reasons in the first quarter
this year only one elevator looks like it was yesterday that 000 00
we continue we are the last of the project in that last the project and
talk to parliamentarians that is not I cannot the president cannot impose the
your will so that we actually end the land invasions
on what depends on me will be investigated as terrorism
now the other bill also determines the guy doesn’t yet present the
campaign promise is but we have to work to get the project in bed
fashion to have the smallest best relationship possible sing there the bed is being 81
from your opinion and we should do it like once to get there about
as little and theorize as possible in half what is most important is to pass the
that i want to depend on me i'm not mistaken the italy project was approved
similar in the cast it is already detected recently is something in that sense that
home invasion or other private property happens a farm
a farm, the owner can defend himself against
apart from that other side deciding to die private property is sacred
the more I have to leave too then our project aims at what
defending one's own life or otherwise the legitimate defense of
property of yours for your own sake or another is he responds will get punishment
this helps us military police officers and federal civilians also in this many times
someone is interferes in criminal action in front of that person in front is
threatening someone who can kill innocents and back here a citizen who
had illegal possession of a gun the policeman a schedule reads interfere will have a
problem when there are 10 15 20 years can even be arrested
now the case in the rhyme again it has to do with two things is a project of
moorish issue of excess is a car stormed the marginal hotel room
invade the barracks of 12 shots at a lady was inside
the victim's brother-in-law was in the room if it is to put with his gun
ended up shooting the bum in the head three times
what happens is an example of minas gerais theme of putting how much in the ruler
in the July court, there is no reason for that, the conversation in the
crime project of the hill speaks of the figure is sure to interest the police
also often the police are in a dawn action a circumstance
very adverse and he gives more of the style who was shooting him the same if
this is against excess he is a source and there are all police characteristics
framed will answer for willful homicide in the humor project the excess comes out
outside we depend on the chamber and the senate our
project
next time you’re going to get to bed, then I had the defense of life and
own and third party assets can be sure that the violence has gained
25 percent now in the first quarter is going to drop a lot
this song title can know that nowadays he commits the crime the
first especially someone working close to euros if you have him
will weigh and act because the hot potato in africa coda the good person and speaks
in water we are finalizing the cactus decree to a collector and shooter
and hunter we’ll have news the news is what you want us to
you deserve it cannot the decree right I always took a
law may or may not do that there is really to treat collectors
snipers and hunters with all due respect that they deserve and we're going to have
a surprise of those seated in defense in this new decree the shards for the
steps with assured stability in the armed forces
we know that nowadays an official pass
the military police of rio de janeiro for example i know it has the size is
ensure 24 hours a day and also when going to the reservation
we are bringing this to our armed forces there our square
establish cured after age in the service is replaced by yours can guarantee
after all if a stroll for ten years and you will not be able to carry a gun and have
to leave until this morning in iperó yes but it is very simple and had the
acceptance of the defense that all of conversation discuss no matter a measure alone
so taken in is unilaterally doesn’t work so I started the defense no
deal with the matter and practically guaranteed in this decree size for the
Praça das Flores the brand obviously whoever I am going to do a second part of
the air will have a problem she can for him for them there is a
displacement is now holy week traveling or else in the sector of
barracks-residence is that way now is not the strong is that will have the right to postage
but it is not put the collection will make security left the 19 of the land
curiosity on average 25% only the cell phone 6 58%
maybe with all certainty by the participation of the security force
the episode occurred there is something left to talk about a more
important to me, life, we forget about you, there is never anything
prevents from leagues thank you very much for the voluntary way you attended here
we are in theory são paulo that this woman is easy to attack then it was worth
thanks for coming and we are at easter
tomorrow a good one for everyone who spends a moment thinking about the
pedro case at night makes a better world for everyone
a big hug the men a kiss until thursday of next week if
god thank you